Break out "meta" property into separate object (#257)
eiffel-community/eiffel: eiffel-syntax-and-usage/the-meta-object.md

# The Meta Object
The __meta__ object contains meta-information describing the event: when it was created, where it came from, its type et cetera. The __meta__ object contains the same members regardless of __meta.type__<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>, with the caveat that certain members are optional and the tendency to use them may vary with event type.

> Even though the meta object is kept universal for all event types (i.e. all events in an edition share the same version of a meta-object, it may change over time as the Eiffel protocol evolves. Due to the [per-event versioning](./versioning.md) of the protocol, this means that different unique combinations of event type, version and meta object version may feature different meta object syntax.

Reviewer: What do you think of removing line 19 and the footnote and replacing it with the following text?

```suggestion
The __meta__ object contains meta-information describing the event: when it was created, where it came from, its type et cetera. The __meta__ object contains the same members regardless of __meta.type__, with the caveat that certain members are optional and the tendency to use them may vary with event type.

Event types are versioned independently from one another as described in [per-event versioning](./versioning.md) but all events in an edition will have the same version of the meta object. 

To summarize:

1. Any change to meta requires all events to be updated.
1. Consumers should be prepared to receive events of varying meta contents between events. The exception to this are the __meta.type__ and __meta.version__ fields, which are always assumed to be present regardless of event and version.
1. Any schema of a specific version of an event must also include the linked meta object
```

> # The Meta Object

Reviewer: As stated in the other file we should update this one instead.

Author: Done

The __meta__ object contains meta-information describing the event: when it was created, where it came from, its type et cetera. The __meta__ object contains the same members regardless of __meta.type__<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup>, with the caveat that certain members are optional and the tendency to use them may vary with event type.

Even though the meta object is kept universal for all event types, it may change over time as the Eiffel protocol evolves. Due to the [per-event versioning](./versioning.md) of the protocol, this means that different unique combinations of event type, version and meta object version may feature different meta object syntax.

&nbsp;

> &nbsp;

Reviewer: The footer need to be updated also

Author: What needs to be updated in the footer?

Reviewer: I thought it didn't match what we have now. On second thought do you feel we need a footer or should we inline it with the introduction text?

Author: If you're asking me I don't have a strong opinion about what the footer text should say or whether it should be moved to the main clause or not.

Reviewer: I would vote for moving it.
